azurerm_application_gateway: Support for Hostname (#2990)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/application_gateway.html.markdown

* `request_timeout` - (Required) The request timeout in seconds, which must be between 1 and 86400 seconds.

> * `host_name` - (Optional) Host header to be sent to the backend servers. Cannot be set if `pick_host_name_from_backend_address` is set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `host_name` - (Optional) Host header to be sent to the backend servers. Should be skipped if `pick_host_name_from_backend_address` is set to `true`.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should make this change. `Cannot be set` is more inline with the existing documentation so is fine as is as well as is definitive in it should not be set.
